Docker Threat Modeling
Given Docker's system components and the STRIDE framework, identify five potential threats that may arise.

* Spoofing (Identity Forgery): 
Interception of the traffic from the Docker client to the Docker daemon or registry by a malicious party because of non-encrypted communication or stolen credentials.

* Tampering (Data Manipulation): 
Image modification: Attackers alter images, e.g., to inject malware.

* Repudiation (Denial of Action):
Missing or insufficient logging: Container or user actions are not properly logged.
Enables the attacker to make changes on the Client or the Docker host that are not legitimate.

* Information Disclosure:
Misconfigured networks: Internal container services are accidentally exposed to the outside.

* Denial of Service:
Unlimited resources: Containers without memory/CPU limits can overload the host system.

* Elevation of Privilege:
Container escape: Vulnerabilities allow breaking out of containers to the host.


Kubernetes Threat Modeling
Given Kubernetes' system components and the STRIDE framework, identify five potential threats that may arise.

Docker-bench Run Results and Analysis
From the failed findings, select and document 3 findings from the Docker-bench results that you want to harden based on the 5 attack surface areas you identified in Step 1. At least 1 of the 3 hardened findings should be different from the ones mentioned in the exercise (i.e. 5.10, 5.14, and 5.22).

[FAIL] 4.5 Ensure Content trust for Docker is Enabled (Scored)
=> Tampering (Data Manipulation):
If Docker Content Trust is not activated, unsigned or manipulated images could be used.
This enables attackers to infiltrate malicious images into the environment.

[FAIL] 5.10 Ensure that the memory usage for container is limited (Scored)
=> Denial of Service (DoS):
Without memory limits, containers can overload the host, leading to a denial of service.
This can be done intentionally by an attacker or unintentionally by faulty applications.

[FAIL] 5.13 Ensure that incoming container traffic is bound to a specific host interface (Scored)
=> Information Disclosure:
If incoming container traffic is not bound to a specific host interface, containers can unintentionally expose services to the outside world.
This increases the risk of sensitive data being exposed.
